Another Uptown location that understands foot traffic. (I mention that because there are some that never seem to have enough workers. I guess trying to save a penny.)  There's always a lunch rush line and this visit no exception. However, I was able to get in and pay in less than 15 min. Plus you food is ready as you go along.Tasty options, and large dining room space. I would go again.

A piece of Charlotte history.The BBQ is good, maybe not the best.I kinda compare the local que to Kyle Flethcers in Gastonia.This is alright but not quite Kyle style.The days of the drive-in or waning.Go here for the experience before it's gone.

*Sigh* Sushi makes me happy! Did you know?! It TOTALLY does! Me and the queens made plans to have dinner somewhere - you know... like normal civilized people. All we knew was that I wanted sushi and that we wanted something awesome! After looking around on Yelp I chose to take the queens to CBNC... "So where is this place?""ummm... between 7th street &amp; 10th street off of Camel""Okaaay? The left or right side of the road?""I unno""What do you MEAN you don't know? Haven't you been here before?!""Ummm... no.""oh HELL to the no!"*the car then becomes filled with laughter*We passed right by it and then flipped a bitch out of no where and it made us fear for our lives! and then screams filled the car. Soon we were parked infront of a soon to be Domino's Pizza and headed to the cafe of my lil yelp dreams... Only to be met with a 20 minute wait. We were then outside and I was left to fight off the queens who seriously considered going to Tokyo express instead! And then FINALLY our names were called and we were seated.Our waitress was very nice. I want to say that it's the little touches that make CBNC great. The fresh  thick lemon wedge and fresh sprig of mint in the water pitchers. The way the servers are so friendly. She even complimented on my Japanese pronunciation! :) I didn't want to tell her the origin of my great accent...  watching Kill Bill a thousand times. She helped us order sushi. I wanted nigiri and they didn't have it. I was disappointed but still went with her suggested crispy rolls and alaskan rolls. They were AMAZING! I loved the crunch and the flavor. With the soy sauce was scrumptious. We wanted to cancel our orders and just get more sushi! The alaskan was great as well. I loved it. Even the queen who never had sushi before liked it. After devouring the sushi our food came. I ordered the beef soba noodle soup with tempura. It came with chicken instead. (boo!) but the tempura was perfect! (yay!) and I never had soba noodles, I usually get udon or chinese noodles. but I really liked the flavor and the fresh spniach that was wilting more and more as time went on. The slight flavor of the sliced green onions really made the dish something special. I loved it. I am just so sad that I couldn't finish it all! :(One queen devoured the beef yakisoba noodles at once! I was able to sneak my chopsticks inbetween his bites and I got a taste. it was CRAZY yummy! each of the veggies had a great difinitive flavor and yet melded together amazingly. I loved it. The other queen was pleasantly surprised at the taste of his Spicy beef rice plate. He couldn't finish his eaither but it was really. A lil too spicy for my tastes, but it was still awesome. We then ordered a bottle of wine and a sip here and a sip there and we were all in heaven! Talking to our waitress about the Navajo sushi chef behind the sushi bar who she was trying to hook up with one of us... but we couldn't tell WHO she was trying to hook him up with! One of the queens or me?! Said chef never made it to our table - and it's just as well... we were in food heaven savoring our delights and wishing we had bigger stomachs to take it all in! I'm a big fan of this place now and am VOWING to take several people with me next time! :)

We live by MOTO so we are kinda stuck when it comes to sushi establishments. The sushi blows. You can tell it isn't fresh fish and never taste super. The Mojo & beers are the only good things. I don't really trust a sushi place that hides the sushi makers in the kitchen...stuff probably looks like week old shit which it is.

I originally walked in here and thought to myself man I bet this place is a hot place of old people in the morning..I can see the shamu wearing old ladies gathered here in the morning drinking their coffee and gabbing like little chatting Cathy dolls about the new pool boy, and the old dudes talking about their tours in Nam and the Korea and the few survivors from the big one  WW II. To say the least I did not see that but I did picture it in my mind...suffice to say it was not like that but that was my first vision:)What's good about this place is it has plenty of space the staff seems very attentive and it is clean and the sandwiches are delicious with pretty large portions. Not huge or anything but decent. I did think it was a little pricey considering I could get a bigger better sandwich at subway for about $3.00 cheaper. This place in not bad. Run of the mill a little pricey. But would not be opposed to going here again.

A friend of a friend was telling us about this place on Sunday morning, and how awesome their pizza is.  It sounded awesome, but he warned us the line is usually an hour and a half long.  Oh well, we went anyway.  Luckily, we were early enough where we didn't have to wait long for a table.  When we were leaving, though, the line was easily an hour long.We started with the wings, which come in an order of 14 and were delicious.  Five of us were dining there, so we ordered two small pizzas, with each one being a half, so we had a nice variety of pizzas to try from.  We got the BBQ Chicken, the Frisco, Grandma G's, and one more that eludes me now.  All were pretty delicious, and I give them mad props for going out of their way to create unique pizzas with untraditional toppings (Grandma G's had potato on it).  Our entire bill with a few drinks came to under $80.Oh, make sure you sit outside... the inside had a lot of loud kids, and it seemed to echo off each wall and annoy the hell out of our party.  The women in our party also said the air temperature kept changing in there.  Keep in mind, too, that they don't have a full bar, so if you're going there hoping to start off with a bloody mary, you're out of luck.

This is about as close to an authentic Japanese izakaya as you'll find anywhere. And I'm talking countrywide.  I've been to several izakaya in Japan over the years and this place just brings me back there immediately.   My japanese buddy in San Francisco is jealous of this place to give you a little perspective on my claim.  The food is incredible and you'll find yourself hard pressed to try everything they have to offer as new items come and go all the time.  I recommend damn near everything on the menu.  If something scares you, ORDER IT, and you'll be pleasently surprised everytime.  If you do try this place, make sure you get a members card, as you will definately be returning.  For every 5$ you spend you get a stamp.  The initial card saves you 5%, fill it up and you save 10%, fill up a second card and you save 15%.  This is permanent by the way, you can use it for every visit.  SO GO THERE ALREADY, and I'll most likely see you there as I am there 4-5 times a week.

Oh sweet baby Jesus, I love this place. Retro decor, a waiter who does a Robert DeNiro impression, and amazing steaks. About mid way through my (rare) petite filet the other night-I turned to my husband and said, "I want to give this steak a baby" Because that's how good it is. There's always a point where I start to get sad that my steak will be gone shortly, so I try to slow down. But it's too hard at the Golden Steer! I don't want to slow down! Nomnomnom.Forget the stupid fancy places in the hotels on the strip, the Golden Steer is the real deal.Go. Now.

I'm no Korean/Hawaiian food expert, but this place has lived up to the hype.  Thanks Jade for the recommendation.  Myself and a few coworkers came here today, and not a single one of us wasn't impressed.First off, the kimchi is bomb here.  I can usually leave out the kimchi, but that's only because so many places in Vegas have mediocre kimchi.  Not this kimchi.  You'll get this as an appetizer, so even if you are not a kimchi person you have to try it.  Our server (the owner?) sensed my coworker's enthusiasm over the kimchi, being the kimchi fanatic that he is, and complimented us some dumplings.  Off the hook.  The crust was kind of thick, but not greasy at all.  The meat was delicious, great spice and herb flavor.  A good sign of things to come...I ordered the Hot Rock Bi Bim Bap.  Friggin tasty.  Quality beef, super fresh veggies, and really nice Kochujang(?) sauce.  The Kochujang was slightly sweet but not too sweet, and subtly flavored.  What set this dish apart for me was the high quality for just around $10.00.  Oh, and don't forget the crystallized rice grains at the bottom. Despite gorging myself on refills of kimchi, I couldn't stop eating the Bi Bim Bap until every last rice grain was gone.  Just a great version of this classic Korean dish!I also managed to taste my friend's bulgolgi.  I normally don't like bulgolgi because it is always tough and overly sauced.  Not this bulgolgi, which is the best I have ever had.  VERY tender, and expertly seasoned.  The sauce was light and of a homemade quality.  Just delicious!Again, special thanks to Jade and the other Yelpers.  I don't know why it has taken me so long to try Island Style.  If you don't know if you like Korean food, this is the place to try it.  If you don't always feel like Korean food, this is the place to go when you do.  If you are a Korean food snob, give Island Style a try and let me know what you think!

So sad! This used to be one of my fave places. Over the last 10 years I've barely ever make my trip there anymore because I am steadily disappointed in the quality if food! Meat is spoiled or scarce, spring roll filling probably a week old.. So sad because they literally have the best pad thai and curry squash on a good day. Today I was craving bean thread noodle so I thought I would given them a chance again.., once again skimped on meat, rice is old and yellow (how can you not make fresh rice everyday?) , and they seem to think spicy means throwing in a shit load of crushed red pepper which adds no flavor or spice just stomache irritation,. I'm so sad to say, after over 10 years this my last straw. Sad because there's so much potential if they took the time to deliver the quality.

Easily the best restaurant in Madison.

