Managers mean to there employees. The service was really lacking so much so I really wanted to say something. Food was good and there was plenty of it. We made it there at the end of breakfast so we stayed a bit and tried some of there lunch stuff. The food here is worth checking out. The low rating is for there lack of service.
My new favorite buffet place in Vegas! I love love love this place! esp after having dinner at The spice market at Planet Hollywood because then i could compare. Everyone goes to the buffet in vegas, but obviously not all of them are good. Since this is new, i wanted to try it so bad and it was definitely a great decision! This place is inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel. It's new, it looks very nice and you can tell that they do try to make things very eye-catchy and food at high quality. i think the most important part of the buffet is the dessert section..to me at least! The dessert section here is amazing, well, compare to wynn and bellagio, they're similar, It's nothing more or special that makes them more superior but it's good enough that i ate till my stomach was about to explode! They have almost everything that u can imagine at a buffet here. The best part was of cox the dessert station with all kinds of chocolate barks, chocolate dipped strawberries, YUM!, chocolate dipped mini apples, cakes, tarts, etc. They also have a wide range of gelato flavors, from the simple chocolate to buttered rum. They serve it to you in a cup or a mini cone, your choice, they even have a chocolate waffle cone for you to choose from. Amazing! Another thing that's a must try is the mac and cheese station, i fell in love with it and got another round of it even though i was completely full. You basically go there and tell him wat you want in your mac and cheese, you choose ur own cheese (blue, ricotta, or cheddar), type of mac, toppings (lobster, crab, onions, sausage, etc), yum! Other things that i would eat there are the prime ribs, shrimp, salad, this seared salmon with some kind of sauce, forgot the name of it, but it was good! I just can't think of cons of this place so far. I would definitely go back there again. Oh maybe one of the cons is that the servers are not too bright, we were constantly getting some drinks that we didn't order that was probably from another table, and getting refills for a drink that's not even half empty yet, but not getting refills for a drink that was empty 30 mins ago. Also, the guy at the prime rib station..eh. i can only say he was..nervous? Anyways. the food and atmosphere are good enough reasons for me to come back.
Definitely a nice buffet to try a variety of items and get some nice presentation and eye candy from it that you miss out on when you go to a buffet as to a fine dining restaurant in Vegas.  There was definitely a wide selection and some interesting items.  I really loved the roasted turkey and london broil and the interesting variety in the salad bar.  The dessert section was definite pleasure and my friends couldn't stop raving on how good the candy crab apples were.There weren't that many workers there when we went, but the lady that helped us very helpful even if she was really busy.  It was a fun place to try!
I think this is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas, each food item was special.
I visited the Wicked Spoon Buffet a few times this past week.  I have to say, the food and atmosphere are great!  I wasn't quite sure how they would pull off single servings on a buffet, but it worked out beautifully!  This buffet is right up there with the Bellagio Buffet.  The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because we experienced sub-par service on a few visits.  Specifically, having to wait far too long for drinks.  If they would speed up the drink service, I would easily offer five stars.
With the ability to eat over 5000 calories a day and not gain a pound I am no stranger to a buffet.  I was slightly disappointed in the selection at The Wicked Spoon. Albeit a great price at 15 dollars it still missed the mark.  I must admit to being a bit picky. I try not to eat gluten or dairy but rarely have had any issue in vegas. Right now I'm staring at my coffee that is black because they had no dairy substitutes. Everything here was either full of gluten or dairy. Even the hash browns were smothered in cheese. 2 plates of egg whites and fruit does not make a satisfying meal to me. Healthy yes but the splurge on food that one expects to make at a buffet let alone Vegas this was not. I will say the fruit was real fresh and the food looked good even if I couldn't eat it.
Let me first state that, even though I'm a fat chick, I am not a fan of buffets.I find them common, over done and nothing really new.  So finding myself stuck at the Cosmo for the HP CES Press conference and my son starving we decided to go to the buffet for a late lunch.  I really wasn't expecting much because of the afore mentioned aversion to buffets and the lateness in the afternoon (almost 2pm) It's nice, even at age 55, to be surprised.  We walked right in, and got a great seat.  It was busy but not overly crowded.  Our waiter was right there to take our drink orders and to let us know what stations were available. Having survived the 2nd day of CES, I rewarded myself with a mid day cocktail, the Mombo Italiano-- a hand crafted Bloody mary with infused garlic vodka  I'd go back JUST for the drink at 12.00 each. Here is what sets this particular buffet apart: They have, for all of you watching your weight, portioned containers of very interesting food.  With little signs that say how many calories & how many carbs per portion.  Brilliant marketing since there are so many who fail to recognize they have fabulous curves.  I had the Mac & bleu cheese--yum and the wild rice with lamb and goat cheese.  The carving stations.  yes multiple.  I could dive head first into the Asian style bbq pork.  It was melt in your mouth.  The staff was friendly and made suggestions of what were their favorites.  I have to say, as I'm writing this realizing the best part of the 2x we've been there, was the staff.  I do like the food selections and the twist with the portioned servings... also made me exercise to walk back up and get another serving... knowing it was 220 calories each.  I did save room for dessert, a wide selection indeed.  Rice Crispy treats dipped in chocolate? yummo.  Living in Vegas, it is only for out of town guests and work that I go anywhere near the strip but last week, with no company and no clients, we opted to actually go to the Wicked Spoon for lunch.  If nothing else, for a Vegas local, that says a lot.
Great surprise for a buffet, large selection, and great desert options.  Highly recommend
I think I had pretty low expectations of this buffet after reading all the Yelp reviews. This might account for the 4 star rating, but I'm sticking with it. Haha.We came in on a Thursday about 8:45. Not the busiest time of the week, so service was pretty attentive as opposed to the complaints about plates stacking up at the table for long periods of time and drinks going unfilled. I didn't run into any of these problems. This is a new hotel, so obviously there is a grace period where staff has to work out a lot of their kinks, so this could count account for the slower service in the past. I do agree with many of Yelpers about the tapas style servings being a total waste. I'm sure they'll probably get rid of that concept eventually. It's just too difficult to try to balance lots of tiny little plates on one large plate and yes, many of the food items like pasta and potatoes became dry and lost their flavor and textural interest. I stuck with the kalbi, red wine mushrooms and crab cocktail. They have a lot of variety and I appreciated a lot of the interesting food options they attempted, even though they didn't always hit the mark perfectly at least they took the chance and I admire that.The desserts are yummy. I can never get enough chocolate covered strawberries, French macaroons or gelato. Stay away from the chocolate covered crabapples. They're pretty than they taste. I have faith this buffet will hit a groove at some point and I think it is definitely a good option for AYCE on the strip.
This place was really, really good. I was not a fan of the small plates. That's my only major complaint. Everything else was delicious. I've officially discovered French macarons and I'm a fan. Big time. Purple cookies. Who would've known. I love lamb and I like lots of it. I stuck with the osso bucco, leg of lamb and couldn't resist the short ribs as well. The service was pretty good too. Our server took the time out to get to know us and chit chat. We requested lots of drinks and she brought them two at a time. Loved that. If only they had all you can drink beer and wine.
We did this buffet for breakfast.  My only real complaint that it was hard to find the joint.  We walked for what seemed like forever, through halls filled with artsy gigantic high-healed shoes (that were kinda cute actually).  Finally, we reached our destination.Overall the experience was enjoyable.  Our waitress was wonderful.  She was so friendly, and extremely attentive.  The drinks kept coming, and as soon as a plate was empty, she was there to take it away.  I liked the bottled water on the table for no additional charge.  That was a very nice touch.  I thought the coffee was pretty good, and the orange juice was fresh and sweet.As for the food available, I did like the individual portions available.  My personal favorite was the eggs benedict, and the bacon at this buffet was actually crisp!  I hate the undercooked soggy stuff that's all clumped together!  The sweet breakfast items were tasty too.  I tried some cherry danish and what I thought was a blueberry muffin top...YUM.
The food at this place is really good.  We stopped by here not long after it opened, so I'm sure quality control was extremely stringent.  The wait staff was attentive and very friendly.  The dining area is large, and the plates are all very gourmet (small plate style).  We came here for the brunch.  Bottomless mimosa is available for ten dollars more.  Every dish here was tasty (for buffet caliber foods), and not a single one disappointed me.  I still think the Wynn is my favorite, but this is a strong contender.
I agree with other reviewers, it's a hike to get here from the hotel entrance, and there's nothing in between, but once you get here it is pretty dang tasty. Obviously you are at a buffet, so the ambiance kind of sucks, but there is a huge selection, and the people watching is worth the admission price. We were sat directly across from the seafood area. Let's just say the human body can ingest a lot more crab claws than I though possible. It's not cheap ($27 a person for dinner) but it's high quality food in huge quantities.
So I'm not a huge buffet person bc although I eat a lot, I can't stuff my face too much at one sitting and don't like to mix lots of genres at once...that being SAID...I absolutely loved this place...went twice in one week, once for lunch just cause we were walking nearby and once for weekend brunch. Both days pretty similar. What I liked is I did not feel like I was in a cafeteria or old country bufffet. The decor was great and it was very contemporary, including the food. I liked how they had individual portions plated into little skillets or cast iron pots. The variety of beef short rib entrees was amazing considering that's one of my favorite dishes! Had sushi (blah) and lots of interesting delicious plates.  Dessert was great and they even had gelato/sorbet. Overall, very highly recommended!
Best. Buffet. Ever!!!!Trekked across the hotel to find the buffet- seriously, a tram would be nice.The buffet was pretty well priced for the hotel. The plating was awesome, felt like I was on Top Chef. Lots of small plates, which I think is great to eliminate waste. The New York Strip steak was awesome, tender and very flavourful.Best thing for me though, was the desserts and pretty much the gelato/ice cream. I inhaled my Tiramisu gelato and much as I wanted to finish my Cheesecake, I was way too stuffed.The service was good, the decor lovely and not Vegas garish. A truly wicked dining experience.
For $19 all you can eat lunch, they had sushi (well, only cali roll, tempura roll but...), dim sum (well, only three choices), NY steak strips, roasted pork strips, smoked salmon slices, salads, thin crust pizzas and a whole bunch of different pastas, pad thai, etc. It was a pretty good too! Not greasy and old. And their dessert selections were more than Wynn's buffet. I say it's the best buffet in vegas so far!
OMG I'm a fan! The dessert bar is AMAZING! =)Some people aren't too crazy about the separate/small plates, but I love it. I'm not one to mix my sauces when I eat food so it works for me. I think it's what makes the place stand out from other buffets.We went during lunch around 2PM on Sunday. There was a little bit of a line, but moved pretty fast since the staff ask how many are in your party before you even pay. I paid $50 including tax for 2 people. Not bad for vegas buffet of good quality. It would be 30 something per person if you wanted unlimited mimosas/blood marys with your meal.Service was attentive and quick. Water pitchers provided for each table. Glasses always kept half full. Tables always cleared when coming back with more food.Food had a good variety. There was a nice spread of salads/breads, breakfast, pasta/pizza, shrimp cocktails, prime rib/meat station, omelet station, asian section. They might have as many choices but most of what I ate was tasty. My favoriate was the eggs benedict!
I went here a few weeks after they opened, and walking through the Cosmopolitan, I was mesmerized by their decor.  As we walked up to the desk, they were having a lot of issues with the register and for some reason couldn't scan our credit card, obviously the girl was new, but we were all so hungry and a bit irritated.  Finally we were seated and we rushed to the food line.  I must say their presentation is like dining at a French restaurant, everything is portioned out and so well presented.  I first walked down their cheese and bread aisle, I took a little bit of everything and I was a bit disappointed.  I love bread and there's not a lot of bread i hate, but everything tasted hard and stale.  Not my cup of tea, so I went back and took a little bit of everything else.  I tried their mushroom in a red wine reduction, that I enjoyed, then I had some of their salmon, didn't like the taste of it, I got some Kalbi, the meat was super salty, the pho noodles were terrible, it tasted like chicken broth and noodles.  The lobster was also very tough and not tasty at all. The only hot food dish i enjoyed was their Shrimp, now that was really good.  It was a spicy salt and pepper seasoning and i went back for more of that, other than that I just went back once for everything else, and I normally do not do that.So after i finished i thought the dessert never lets me down, so I walk over there and they had little milk and white chocolate dipped gala apples on a stick, bars of chocolate, different parfaits and cakes and also gelato.  The apples were terrible, they were very soft and mushy, tasted like they were bruised, the bars of chocolate was good, the parfaits combined too many random flavors together, the only thing I enjoyed and glad they didn't go wrong was the pistachio gelato.  Other than the shrimp and gelato, I definitely wouldn't go back again, unless the day I went the chef was just having a bad day.  Their service here is good though and the waiter was always there to refill the drinks.
$34 for delicious "On the Strip" Buffet is a deal that can't be beat!! I've heard though that the buffet is better on weekends than weekdays, and my Saturday night buffet dinner did not disappoint. There's a "macaroni bar", a hand roll sushi chef, and a great dessert selection with fudge, chocolate covered strawberries, and ice creams! And all the usual seafoods, sushi, carved meats - the food was great, ambiance was fun too.I was in a large birthday party group (apparently you can make reservations for large parties?) and so we were placed in a separate room, which was really cool and made the meal feel less "buffety". One of the managers Adam, was really great in taking care of the birthday cake - the chef fixed the icing (the cake slid around inside the box while we walked from the parking lot to the buffet), cut the cake, and then boxed up the extra pieces. It was really  great personal service that we didn't really expect from a buffet - but I would definitely come back for the service and the food. I don't know if the pricing is low to compete with the bigger names of Wynn and Bellagio buffet, but right now the Cosmo Buffet is my favorite on the strip, and at a great price!!
Uninspired. That's the best way to describe the Wicked Spoon Buffet. My husband and I , giddy since we just dropped the kids off at school,had Valentines Day breakfast at the Wicked Spoon Buffet. The dining room was pretty cool, done up in browns and was very modern in a West Elm kinda way. My hubby did make a snide remark about the female Wait Staff uniform. It was a strange brown ginghamy, wrinkled, shirt-dress type deal that was not at all flattering. The breakfast spread was cool, with small individual servings of items like 3 kinds of benedicts, smoothies, yogurt parfaits. The presentation was about the only great thing about this place. The benedicts, though made in small batches, had hard biscuits at the base, dry tough ham and sauces that quickly congealed making them very unappetizing. Hubby and I were unable to eat our respective benedicts. They had red velvet pancakes.... Babycakes don't even break a sweat... they were just dried up red colored pancakes with dried cream cheese drizzled on. The omelet station had some great fresh looking savory fillings but the avocado topping they placed on mine had a weird tangy taste that ruined it for me! Wait staff was nice enough but slow, took their time clearing plates and refilling water They serve you water in these glass bottles. I'm sure they refill them but at least you have access to water while they take their time working the room! The plu$$es: Great breads especially their tangy sourdough! Good granola Walnut French Toast Omelet Station - just no avocado pleeze! Individual cereal boxes... some good kinds not just Raisin Bran! $15 dollars for a weekday breakfast.. not so bad.  I can at least say I tried the place.
Came here on a friday night around 5 pm for an early dinner, and there were no lines. Our party was seated immediately which was great! One thing that caught my attention at the buffet is the presentation of the dishes. Most, if not all of the dishes were served in individual platters. I thought that was an ingenious idea to help minimize the wasting of food. Another thing I loved about this buffet is the dessert section!! Mini candy apples? Need i say more? Every dessert i tasted was incredibly good. Only thing though is thAt it seemed like they were short on staff because it took a while to get any of the waiter/waitresses attention as they were pretty busy. This is the only reason why i gave this place a four star, otherwise it would've been easily a five star. I highly recommend this place to anyone who pays vegas a visit!
My boyfriend and I aren't your traditional Vegas types--we don't go to Vegas to gamble, or to go to strip clubs--we go to eat. We've eaten at every restaurant in Vegas, and every buffet. Most of the time, we always go to The Wynn. However, upon a recommendation we decided to try the Wicked Spoon. This place rocks. Bottomless mimosa brunch, fantastic assortment of food options. Typically at Vegas buffets you find that a chef does one thing particularly well, but Wicked Spoon hits all the right marks. It's not Per Se, but it's everything you expect out of a great Las Vegas buffet and more.My favorite dish was the pasta (orecchiette?) with short rib, mushrooms, parm and brown sauce. I can't communicate how delicious this was--I went back for several second helpings--and I still dream about this dish. I have pregnant lady late night cravings for it. And I'm a man.
Fan-freaking-tastic!  Food is fresher than 95% of all buffets I've been to and the tapa style "take-away" portions are ingenious ideas to keep the food more sanitary.  I dare say gourmet-buffet.
My boyfriend and I visit Vegas fairly often and usually we skip the buffets.  This time, we were in the mood to try one we've never eaten at for dinner. We went to Wicked Spoon for Friday dinner. It was only $26.99 (we loved it already!)When we got there, we were amazed at the individual portions.  Everything looked so good.  So, we decided to first check out everything before we started shoving food onto our plates.  We were literally running around oohing and aahing.  We were like 2 kids (grown adults) in a candy store.The Asian food was surprisingly good!  The fried rice is usually overlooked, but it's really good.  So are their rolls and dim sum.The ricotta spinach was also something that was really good.  It's creamy, but also light.The consistency of their mashed potatoes were the best!  The Korean need salad was tasty and super refreshing.  They even had crab claws that were already cracked.  The shrimp cocktail had the shrimp completely peeled and defined.  (Prefect for lazy people like me!)I don't eat lamb, but my boyfriend really enjoyed it with the chimichurri sauce.  The mac n cheese bar was amazing!  My boyfriend also loved the goat cheese mac n cheese.The dessert was impressive.  They even had desserts served in real painted eggshells.  Very creative.  The chocolate covered apples were my favorite!Oh!  And the service was impeccable!  Everyone was really nice and helpful.
0 stars. Over this past holiday weekend we stopped by The Cosmopolitan to check it out before heading to The Buffet at The Bellagio. We found out there was a buffet at this casino/resort and decided to try it out. I don't understand why people are stating it's difficult to find, when it's really not if you can read the signs that lead you to the 2nd floor. Anyways, we arrive at the entrance to the buffet and there is a lady standing there stating they were not letting any more people in. WTH?! When does a buffet reject people entry???? I was willing to wait the 1-2 hrs to try their buffet, but didn't even have the chance to stand in line. The line wasn't even ridiculously long. They lost business that day not only from me, but from the other people who were willing to wait in their line to see what their buffet had to offer.I will be back in April and at that time I will hopefully be able to write a real review on their dishes. If you're wondering where we ended up eating, it was back to The Buffet at The Bellagio... where we waited about an hr.
there's a saying in korea, "10 years can move mountains and rivers", but it seems like 1 year is enough to change vegas. since my last visit back in late 2009, many new hotels have been recently added to the city's directory, and one is always trying to outdo another. the hubby and i were informed of these hip, ritzy and stylish new additions, and how they were now "must's" in vegas, cosmopolitan being one of them. in fact, on our way to vegas, my sis (on her way back from vegas!) told me about her new fascination with wicked spoon buffet at cosmopolitan. i normally despise buffet, but the moment my sister said "ice cream station", i knew i was sold. after a good night sleep, we woke up at 8am and mapped out our itinerary for the day that evolved around two feasts. we exercised vigorously (see the review of encore's fitness center below) and walked about a mile in cosmopolitan hotel before we reached the buffet. at 10:30am on saturday morning, there was no line and the dining hall was not too crowded. there were the standard breakfast items (hard as brick waffles, soggy pancakes, made to order omelets, fresh fruits, miniature boxed cereals, assortment of breads and edible yogurt) along with carving station (ny steak, some sausage, some pork part and other protein thing), cold seafood section (smoked salmon and shrimp cocktail), italian food (pizza, pasta and ravioli stuff) and asian food section (sushi, dumplings and korean kalbi). obviously, i didn't bother to inspect the meat station too much, but i sure frequented the seafood and asian food stations multiple times. the smoked salmon was surprisingly fresh and tasty. we also liked the shrimp dumplings although the skin was a bit dried. however, their kalbi was the worse i had in a while with overly sweet and burnt flavors. the show stopper of wicked spoon buffet was the dessert station, specifically the ice cream bar with 14-16 different flavors. i tackled small scoops of pistachio, strawberry, amaretto, oreo cookie and tiramisu, and they all seemed decent, although a little too sweet for me. there were decadent dessert offerings such as mini madeline cookies and french macarons which sadly did not live up to my expectations. the usuals such as chocolate covered strawberries and apples were good, but again, not great. many of the food were served in individual sized pots, cups and dishes (probably will reduce waste and keep the food fresh) so lines moved really fast and the stations were kept clean. the overall look of the dining space is modern and comfortable with some big tables to accommodate large parties. the waitresses wear some gloomy, tacky brown plaid shirt dresses which literally made me feel depressed to look at them, but they were some of the hardest working bunch. the hubby felt bad how other tables left no tip, so we went the other route and left them a generous amount. by now, you should know what to expect from a buffet...mediocre food, high price tag and looking like 5 month pregnant! as long as you don't compare the food to your "favorite" sushi, steak, pizza joint or authentic home cooked meal, wicked spoon buffet might satisfy your edacious nature. actually, $25 brunch buffet in vegas is not a bad deal at all.
I love this buffet! The dessert station is simply amazing. If you have a sweet tooth, this is your paradise. They have a huge selection of gelatos, ice cream, pastries, chocolate, etc. The food is really good too. Brunch is until 3pm and they leave all of their breakfast items out for you to eat - scrambled eggs, egg whites, sausage, pancakes, bacon, etc. The price isn't bad either. The wait time is a bit long on the weekend and it's worth it!
My husband and I wanted to go to the seafood buffet at Rio but decided not to because people were giving so so reviews on Yelp.  We decided to try the Wicked Spoon at the new hotel Cosmopolitian.  First off let me say that this is my favorite hotel in Vegas...So pretty!!!The buffet is different from other buffets.  You know how you go to a buffet and see what you like and then you scoop how much you want on your plate...by the time you get to your table you have a plate full of the whole buffet all smooched together.  This place is different.  They give you individual portions for most of their dishes.  And they give it to you in these cute little pots.  Sometimes they give to you in these cute little plates.  Its very elegent.  This also prevents you from over stuffing yourself quickly...here you do that slowly...hhahahaThe food is very good.  They had this steak on top of some pesto and some seasoned cucumbers.  Oh that was awesome and very tasty.  Their korean BBQ short ribs were so freakin good.  They just come off the grill and its so tender and juicy.  The only thing that was a disappointment was that they didn't have the crab legs...I was kind of looking forward to those.  But they do have crab claws with cocktail sauce.  But I felt like I had to grab 10 plates of those little things.  Their dessert is also good.  They have the typical cakes and different flavors of gelato.They don't really have a big buffets like the other buffets in vegas.  They have a smaller variety...but when you get something it usually is pretty good.  Less variety with great quality.It's an interesting experience.  If you come to Vegas...make sure you try out this buffet.
I can't lie, I had overhyped this place in my mind after checking the reviews here at yelp.  The bone marrow roast and the lamb had me sold.  The Guinness pancakes were just the kicker.  It was ON!However, we went for Saturday brunch and neither the lamb nor the marrow were available at that hour and the guy behind the counter said that they don't do Guinness pancakes.  I was crushed.That said, the food there was just fine, it just wasn't what I had hoped.  The variety of foods was impressive but I have to say that the selection within each food genre seemed kinda slim.  My favorite dishes were the prime rib-y thing and the kielbasa.For dessert, as others have mentioned, look good, but there were no signs to suggest what each item is.  I was mighty full by the time I hit the dessert bar so, while I was quite impressed with the presentations, I statyed away fro most of ht pretty looking unknown treats.  I got a plate of berries and lemon gelato which was just light enough for my dessert.I have to also mention that I got the bottomless mimosas with the meal.  I had two mimosas and then moved to bloody Marys.  The bloody Marys were much better than the mimosas.The ambiance was much nicer than those of the Rio World Buffet or the M Resort's Studio B buffet, but I have to say that I preferred the food at both the Rio and the M over Cosmo's Wicked Spoon.One final note.  We had a large group, 16 people.  The manager was kind enough to allow two of us to line up while the rest of our group gathered (most of us had a late night).  After the pair reached the front of the line they gave us 15 minutes to gather our group and then they let us all right in, reserving a pair of cashiers to let us all pay individually.  After seating us, the initial response from our waitress seemed kind of annoyed and b*tchy, but after we figured everything out (drink orders and what not) the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  I can't say I blame them for being initially annoyed at the confusion.It was a good experience, and the food was good.  But I would be sure to check the food list before coming in, and honestly, I think I'm more inclined to check out some of the other buffets or returning to Studio B before coming back to Wicked Spoon.
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.  What I like about this place is that it's not overpriced like Wynn or Bellagio.  At $27 for dinner on a Sunday is a great Vegas steal for the quality and selections the Wicked Spoon had.I like how they portion out certain items into a small miniature pot that fits on your plate.  This way, you don't over-scoop something onto your plate that you might not like.  Also, this way you can save you stomach to sample all the items without going full so quick.The service is really good here and servers make sure your table doesn't fill up with dirty plates. Even though this place made a great impression...I can give Wicked Spoon 5 stars for their Chocolate Cookies alone.  OMG, they were sooo good!
Good place to eat and the food is very good. Not your traditional buffet and it may seem to be a bit of a turn off to some. They don't have the traditional mac n' cheese, spaghetti, etc. but the quality of ingredients and taste are all there. must check out.
Ive been hearing a lot of hype about this place so of course I had to try it when I went to Vegas last week. I went for brunch and it was $23 bucks which is relatively cheap compared to other buffets. There was a group of 8 of us and we waited for about 30 minutes in line to get seated. I really like the concept of this place...how they prepare some of the dishes in little pots and pans. The food was pretty good for what it is but not spectacular and i wasn't blown away. It definitely was not the best buffet that Ive ever had in Vegas. The quality of the food was somewhat mediocre. I really liked the dessert station though...they had really pretty and cute desserts, but again nothing spectacular. Maybe this place is better for dinner...i don't know but I don't think I'd go here again.
Eat here, if not for the cutely portioned food then for the sexiness the hotel exudes. As one of the newest hotels on the strip, The Cosmopolitan just screams "COOL" with the buffet trailing not far behind. I guarantee you'll leave the place feeling DOUBLE-O-SEVEN suave, despite just having gorged on a feast of prime rib and chocolate covered strawberries.While I will always remain loyal to "The Buffet" at the Bellagio (a go-to on every one of my Vegas trips) this is a refreshing and damn awesome (and did I mention sexy?) alternative.
Swanky, bougie, beautiful, & yummy pretty much describes the Cosmopolitan when I first stepped foot in this hotel and coincidently, these are the words that describe the Wicked Spoon buffet as well!At $19 for a lunch buffet, you're paying for eye-candy, creative displays of food, and a taste of around-the-world! Korean, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American cuisines & moooore! I especially loved that foods like mac n' cheese & chicken pot pie came in a mini-metal pot that kept them warm and fun to look at and eat. Heck, even water at each table came in a tall glass bottle. Sweet potato fries came in a mini-fryer and the desserts? OH MYYYY! My absolute favorite part of my lunch! Gelato, milk & white chocolate covered strawberries & mini apples, macaroons, cute little cups filled with cakes, alll YUMMMY...and aphrodisiacs ;]. My lunch definitely entertained my eyes and tummy.Sadly, aside from all of the glitz and beauty of it all, what knocks off a star would be the lack of SEAFOOD during lunch. Where's my fish? Salmon? Oysters? Crab legs?? These were probably all available during dinner, but I wish I had em' for lunch!! Nonetheless, even though it wasn't tooo big of a buffet, I'd experience Wicked Spoon again at the price of $19! You'll most definitely be eating with your eyes here.
I'm not a big fan of buffets because I eat like a mouse. So it's just a waste. But my friend and I had to try this place because of all the glowing reviews!Sunday buffet was about $23. There was no line so we were seated immediately.It took about 15 minutes after we sat down from our 1st place that someone asked for our drink order including water. But service got better after we got our drinks. I think more staff was starting to work. The food was okay. There was a lot of variety from traditional breakfast of eggs, bacon, and pancakes to more ethnic varieties of tacos, sushi, dimsum, and pasta. But nothing stood out except the ham and the pastries. The ham was moist and cooked perfectly. The pastries were flaky and tasty. Also disorganized. Staff couldn't tell if people were still eating or if they left. They cleared out our neighbor's table and gave it to another party only to find out the original party was still eating and now had no place to sit! The original party was polite about the situation and agreed to sit somewhere else.
Aesthetically, this place is amazing. The decor, the presentation of their food, and even the hotel in itself is beautiful. I might've over hyped this place as I usually do since I was tired, grumpy, and most likely hungover but I thought the food was decent especially for its price (23$) I love breakfast, so I was overwhelmed when I saw that they had such a nice variety of brunch spread. This place had a lot of potential to be perfect but the food was a bit cold, some stale and what really killed the whole experience for me was how awful their macarons were. I love macarons.
Custom Mac and cheese was great, pad thai, pizza, and every dessert we tried were all delicious.  We will return.
There was no line! Dined here about 7:15p on a Thursday. $27 for dinner, so about $29 with tax. Very friendly service. Got seated right by the entrance so everyone coming in can see us, but whatever. We were waiting for a friend anyways so this made it easy for him to find us.Nicely decorated and not too large of a dining area. So it's easy to get around. Start at the left with appetizers and salads, and work your way to the right, ending you with a vast array of fudge and other decadent sweets.It is very nice that most of the items are individually portioned. But even with the small portions, I didn't actually finish any of the dishes because I wanted to make sure I could try everything. And the crab claws already opened and in little saucers with cocktail sauce, nice touch! The salads were fantastic. The breads, not that great. The kobe beef shoulder, yum! Also the truffle scalloped potato, delicious! There was a select few items I did not care for, but I don't even remember it. I read notes that someone mentioned the braised short ribs and they were as expected, tender and flavorful!I didn't try much from the pizza/pasta or asian section. I had to save room for desserts!I loved their selection for ice cream. I tried the coconut lime and the pb&j. Both were yummy with a little tiny cone I used as a scooper :)Also note the amazing quantity of large chocolate covered strawberries, some plain, some white chocolate, some with nuts, some with oreos, etc. Also mini chocolate dipped apples! YUMMY!And then there were crepes, which I didn't get a chance to try. Cookies there were really good. Strongly alcoholic tiramisu cups. Other sweets that were too sweet. Overall, though great place with a nice selection. A close second to Wynn Buffet IMO, but for the price, I might come here more often.Our server, I can't remember her name, but she was very sweet and everyone worked together to make sure we had enough room on our table for new plates as we eat very quickly and create a ton a dishes. Good job.One thing, The buffet is such a long walk from the rest of the restaurants. If you go up the escalator/elevator by the chandelier, you gotta walk through a long hallway passing by 2 large high heel shoes and another quiet hall to finally reach the buffet at the end. But note: if you are only coming for the buffet, park at the west elevator and take that escalator up that is right by there instead of walking all the way through the casino and back around upstairs. ;)
For the price, the buffet is alright. The assortment was mediocre, and so was the food. The buffet is smaller than other buffets in Vegas, and there is no overlapping of lunch/dinner. They're closed from 3-5 pm basically, and if you are there for lunch, you are also there for breakfast. I went around 2 pm on a Saturday and 1/4 of the food was breakfast foods. The nicest thing about this buffet is:-price-service-presentationDon't come for lunch, come for dinner. I hear the dinner here is good.
Vegas has a new best buffet so $5.99 off strip buffets and $39.99 on strip buffets move out of the way and let Wicked Spoon claim its spot as cream of the crop.What makes this place a winner?  First off, $27 for dinner is about $10 less than other hotels such as Bellagio and Wynn.  Yes this buffet may not have sashimi or lot of seafood such as crab leg, this hotel has variety, innovation, and something different.  They have the traditional salad and meat stations but they have other new offerings that other buffets don't have such as...bone marrow, pork belly bun, pork belly fried rice, dashi broth, truffle potato gratin, smelt fries, tiny ice cream cones, and much more.  The presentations of each dish were very well done.  Some dishes had their own little pot or own little plate however this did become an issue when it was time to put food on your plate (spacing).  The desserts were a bit weak even though the colors made it very tempting.  For example, macaron's quality/texture was what made it bad.  The shell was too crunchy where if you put some force on it, it would just crumble.  The service and decor were both great.  The restaurant is not like other buffets, it is away from the dining area and casino in the conference area.  I went to the Wynn buffet two days later for lunch and I wish I was eating back here.
Don't go here if you're looking for seafood.  Although they do not have seafood for their brunch menu, this buffet is on my top list of buffets in Vegas- the best part= NO LINE!!.  It is on the less expensive side because it does not have seafood, but it does have a great variety of other things.  Food tasted fresh and their breakfast selection was decent- they even had red velvet pancakes!  $35 for brunch including bottomless mimosas, $23.00 w/out the mimosas.
BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS. THE  food was individually portioned to keep it hot in little metal like pans. the Gelato bar is nice as well. I went for brunch so I cant say how dinner it but I think it would prob be spectacular. The service here was good too.$27/person for brunch.
A buffet is really about the quality of the food, so even though the decor, service, etc. Was all great, the food was the standout. Everything my husband and I ate we mmmed and our eyes rolled back in our heads !Gourmet cooking from the unique salads-Korean beef, miso shrimp, roasted asparagus,etc.the juicy, tasty meats, the individual serving size pots and pans that served up red wine burgundy stew, Mac and cheese, chicken asparagus risotto,pastas,etc.  The thin crust pizza,garlic bread,etc, light and moist. tastiest kalbi ribs I've eatenthisnside of Hawaii,The pad Thai and dim sum pretty good .the desserts are the only thing that's not as good as the Bellagios, but the gelato bar and cookies make up for it and though the miniature gelatinous desserts were beautiful, there was no defined flavor, just sweet.This is our favorite buffet in Las Vegas now and it's Kessler expensive to boot!
Love this buffet!  One of the few in Vegas that actually seasons their food.  I still like the buffet at Planet Hollywood a little better, but this one is a very close second.  The presentation is amazing, the food is tasty, and the ambience is classy.  What's not to love?
Big disappointment.  I'm pretty easy to please too, and I had only gone in for breakfast.  I wasn't looking for prime rib or crab legs or anything exotic.  I just wanted some scrambled eggs, maybe a bagel, some fruit.  You know, basic stuff.  What I had was cold scrambled eggs (completely inedible), chicken sausage that was horrible (something I never thought I could say about chicken sausage which is one of my favorite foods), some pineapple (the highlight) and a dish of macaroni and cheese that was crusted over and tasted like it had been sitting out for hours.It was a colossal fail all around.  I don't get it.  So many people have gone to this buffet and given it two enthusiastic thumbs up, so I don't know what happened when I was there.  But it was far and beyond one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.
I hate this place service was ok food was garbage food was not hot enough all the salads where made like hours before so it's all soggy pizza all dry sushi so much rice
OMGelato. We came here for brunch, but missed the breakfast service by mere minutes and ended up paying $10 more for lunch instead.  So that was kind of annoying, but whatever. We were there and it smelled great.I'm watching my figure, so I didn't go nuts, mostly veg, salad and sushi -- we had friends in from out of town, though, that made up for it for me. And I tried bites of some of their goodies.The selection was fantastic. I loved that there were a lot of healthy options like roasted turkey and fish, tons of fruit and soups, as well as decadent goodness like mini potpies, mac n' cheese and rich sauces.My faves:- Shrimp cocktail (the shrimp was plump, big and poop-free)- CHEESE (they had some delicious fancy, stinky cheese options)- The white cheddar mac n' cheese- House Sushi Roll- Biscotti gelato (seriously. amazing.)- Chocolate lava cake in caramel sauce- Dutch apple tartletGood, but could have been better:- Chicken pot pie (a little salty, but still yum)- Pecan tartletIt would have been nice to add our cocktails up front -- it was awkward after the fact to add on.  Other buffets, like the Wynn, ask up front while you're paying if you want to add on bloody marys or mimosas. But wasn't a big deal.The food was really fresh, delicious, not super crowded (we went on a Tuesday around 11).  The desserts were incredible and they had a good selection of sugar-free options, too.I can't wait to go back for breakfast!
I absolutely loved this buffet.  My friends and I chose the option that gave us unlimited mimosas in addition to the buffet, and we could not have been happier.  The food was incredibly fresh, and the presentation was beautiful.  Some of my favorites were the macaroni and cheese, truffles gratin, shrimp miso salad, lamb/ricotta gnocchi, and the french toast.  All phenomenal.  In terms of dessert, it was lovely.  Almost too pretty to eat!  My favorite was the coconut panna cotta in an egg shell.  A wonderful way to end the meal.  I will definitely return here.  Plus, you get the opportunity to walk through the uber-chic Cosmopolitan hotel on your way up to the buffet!
Basically, the biggest difference between this buffet and every other one is the portions.  Most of the items are already in it's own tiny little plate, bowl.  This helps with portion control... at the Wicked Spoon, you get a small bowl of Caesar salad, a small bowl of spinach with goat cheese, cheese & tomatoes, a tiny plate of pasta. The only down side to this is that its hard to grab a lot at once. Because the pre-portioned plates you can hold more than one in each hand and you can only fit about three plates on one big plate. They have all of the "normal" food stations:  Salads, Asian Food, Americana, Italian, Carving Station, & Dessert.  However, these are not your "normal" foods at the stations.  Each of the items are excellent gourmet prepared food.  Lamb ribs, gourmet flat bread pizzas, macaroni & cheese with 3 types gourmet cheeses. It's not the cheapest place to eat, but for what you get there, it's worth the $27 per person.
YUM! We came here for dinner around 6 on a Saturday night, and we didn't wait in line at all. The presentation was fabulous!  In many of the food options, servings were pre-portioned into little dishes and mini pans.  Being a female who once played house with play dishes, I loved this!  It left room for little mess, but balanced with several trips as these pans take up a lot of space! You're probably waiting for me to get to the food specifics, but i just don't remember everything.  I do remember that there were about 3 variations of braised beef, the typical salad bar, and an amazing dessert section.  All of which I enjoyed.  Also, I must say, that for someone trying to watch their figure, this buffet is pretty forgiving.  What I mean is, this is not the typical steak and potatoes kind of place.  I was able to eat 90% of my meal without heavy carbs like rice and potatoes. On that same note, I did notice that the dessert section had sugar free options available.  I would certainly recommend you try this place out for a new buffet experience.
I didn't get the hype.  Maybe we were there on an off weekend but there wasn't some hour long wait at 11am nor was the food mind-blowing impressive for a buffet.  I kept hearing amazing things about how Wicked Spoon is up there with Bellagio.  I do admit, the Bloody Mary bar was quite impressive with all the various types of picked veggies.  They also have red velvet pancakes!  However, the food itself failed to be up to par with the better gourmet buffets of Vegas.  I wish we went to the Wynn or Bellagio instead.  Orange juice tasted concentrated mehhh.  The best thing I ate though - the prime rib.  A perfect medium rare and very flavorful.  All the little clad iron pots they serve everything in are adorable and a cute concept but cute doesn't mean tasty.  I did want to grab every pot I saw but when I tasted the food, it just wasn't that impressive.  I think I'll just stick w/ the Wynn or Bellagio next time.
Great desserts! Water was very tasty. The sushi was probably the worst I've ever had. Rest of the food was really good, especially the salads!! Great assortment! Our server Will was awesome.
for $26 for lunch/brunch this is really worth it.I'd have to say though, i'd come here more for the experience then the food.  Their presentation of the food is a lot better than it tastes.But, compared to all the vegas buffets, this is good enough for me to come back for $26.stuff i liked, omlette station, lets you make your own ( & you can choose to have egg whites only for a healthier choice).  Mac n' cheese is good & cheesy, and oh try the pork belly white bun sandwich, probably the best & very asian authentic tasting, miso shirmp salad is light & delicious too!the DESSERTS are the best part of this buffet, all miniature sized and tasty.  get the silver egg panna cotta, chocolate dipped apples & strawberries & the Gelato is the best ! super smooth & creamy.
Came to Cosmopolitan to try this buffet out after hearing it was pretty good from another friend. Stopped here for a Saturday lunch around 12:30pm and there was no line! We had a large party of 18 so we had to wait for everyone to get charged and we were seated within 10 minutes.The restaurant was clean and was beautifully decorated, especially for a buffet, but I guess we were at Cosmopolitan where the decor itself in the hotel and casino areas were extravagant.  I thought they had more of a selection but they didn't seem to have as many different items as the Carnival Buffet. However the quality and look of the food at the Wicked Spoon does belong on another level. They serve their water in these fancy glass bottles firstly. They have a nice bread bar/salad bar where the salads are already made and dressed and ready to get picked up in small cute modern looking dishware. The Wicked Spoon is all about presentation and art. It is a unique buffet but it looks better than it tastes. They had a nice omelette making station here it allows you to customize your own, and even offer the option of egg whites and smoked salmon which most other places don't have. The Miso Shrimp salad is tasty and refreshing, and I loved the Mac & Cheese! Its served in a cute silver measuring cup and the top is baked so its crispy and cheesy..yum!The highlight was definitely the Dessert Bar. Everything just looked so beautiful and colorful, I was really excited to try a lot of it. Macarons let me down, they were dry and tasted weird. The Panna Cotta was probably the only thing I really enjoyed and Chocolate Dipped Strawberries! OH, and they have an awesome Gelato selection! I believe about 14 different flavors to try :) For $26 its comparable to most other buffets but looks a lot better so I'd probably still come back! Dinner is only $1 more, at $27.
Based on all the positive yelp reviews my family and I came here a few days ago, and I have to say, it was the best buffet I've ever been to, and, uh, I've been to a lot. The major standout was the desserts, which usually is the weakest part of a buffet, the tarts, the fresh berries, especially the raspberries, were just fabulous! Dinner wise, the marrow bones were awesome, the crab legs were fresh and sweet, the lamb was great (except where was the mint jelly?). The selection of cheese was excellent, there was a goat cheese rolled in ash was out of this world, as was the smoked gouda. The little portioned dishes were fun, and a great way for us to share them all without having to each get our own portions, which gave us room to try so many different items! Not only that, but the service was excellent, and the price $29 for dinner, was a great deal for Vegas.
I love this place! AYCE brunch for just $23 at the Cosmopolitan! Nice. It's cheap. It's good. It's artistic.Dishes are small and dainty, beautifully arranged tapa style dishes. I think you either like it or you don't. And I really liked it...it was different and fun! Little saucepans and individual dishes, it was just too cute to pass up. See for yourself:Plate 1: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=XpWiM7EYchGqenNiq1c2vQPlate 2: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=aX2HFOd1sQa3v4UAUftTYQPlate 3: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=uTxWe05t_qtnpIxVwPmErQIn the meat section they had your usual, chicken, beef and slab of bacon!! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=7GAJvXufLfnCjIXK-avn7wI loved everything! Except the eggs benedict, which looked good but didn't taste good. But please please please save room for dessert! I think the dessert section was by far my favorite part! Everything was yummy. The ice cream choices were awesome, I tried the mango and the salted peanut! Both were delish...if my tummy could have handled more, I would have tried more flavors. But I had to save room for the chocolate covered strawberries and the small chocolate covered crab apples!! They were so cute. Definitely give Wicked Spoon a try if your in Vegas!
Considering I ate at 3 buffets, in a week..and this being my third...shoooot, I WISH I ATE HERE ALL THREE TIMES!!!!!!It's kind of hard to find in the hotel because it's along the conference rooms but, guess it's worth the chase!I was in awe of HOW SMART the Cosmo was to portion out their buffet foods. For example, salads/some entrees/etc were already portioned out into it's own plate so, all you needed to do was grab a plate. This is great because it gives you a chance to sample everything without wasting much food that you may not like.They had lamb..LAMB..love my lamb and most buffets I've been to never have lamb. To top it off was it was in a delicious sauce and plated so beautifully. Let's face it; it's always more fun to eat beautifully presented foods =)Lastly but, NOT LEAST: the dessert bar. lakjfdldjflajdfldkjgldkjfladjfldajfldkjfladjfladkfjldkfjdlkjfdl;jThat means I loved it. AGAIN, they had beautiful desserts. I didn't even want them but, they had to be on my plate cuz they were so pretty!!!AND don't get me started on their CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES! Oh emm geee, I swear, they were the size of my fist! I have nooooo clue where the Cosmo buffet is getting their strawberries but, keep it comin''''''My idea of the best buffet in Vegas!Now if only they had a locals discount =(
This a a pretty good buffet and very unique with the whole small plate servings. I would have given more stars but the desserts really do need to be changed. They look amazing but do not taste amazing.
We loved the Wicked Spoon Buffet!  The price was great considering the hotel that it was located in, and the quality of the food ($17 per person for breakfast).  They had big bowls of fruit & berries (a MUST for me!), made to order omelet's, lots of different breakfast meat options (bacon, ham, a variety of different sausages), pastries, cereals, yogurts, etc.  I was so excited to see the eggs benedict, although my only complaint was that I couldn't find the hollandaise sauce.  I don't know if it was on the egg already, and I couldn't taste it, or if they had it sitting somewhere for self-service, and I didn't see it.  Eggs benedict need hollandaise sauce!! :)Other than that, we will most certainly be back!!
This buffet is totally cute! (of course if you're a girl). We came here on a Friday night around close to 7. I was worried there would be a long line for buffet, but to my surprise, there was no line. I loved how alot of the items are put in miniature pots/pans, cast iron dishes, fry baskets because then you won't take more than you can eat. Everything was very tasty except the blackend catfish. That was so spicy it was not edible and even our waiter have heard similar complaints. Some of the standout items were:Korean bbq kalbi beefwine mushrooms with polentabeef and broccolibrussel sprouts with bacon/pancettasalumi meatsAND desserts!!The dessert station is just incredible. So many choices. The key lime tart was a complete surprise because I initially thought it was some green tea dessert. I love how every was little, even the little chocolate cones. The gelato was pretty good too. Service was great and the layout and atmosphere was just right for us. I've been to some buffets with much more offerings, but honestly, it's near impossible to eat every item anyways. So this was perfect for us. We'll definitely bring some friends to try next time.
I was skeptical at first, since a $27/person good dinner buffet in vegas is hard to come by these days. We waited close to an hour in line on a Saturday night. But it was all worth it once I scope out the varieties of foods they offered. There were the Asian Food Section(ex: dim sum, miso soup, pho, BBQ kalbi beef etc.) Italian Secion (ex: 6 different pizza varieties, made to order pasta, gnocchi, etc.) Calvary Section (ex: roasted prime rib, pork tenderloin, lamb shank, turkey etc.) American Section (ex: truffle mac n' cheese, potato au gratin, baked salmon with creole sauce, jumbalaya etc.) Cold Food Section (crab crawls, caesar salad, salami, olives, shrimps, varieties of breads, cheeses, fruits etc.) And most importantly the Dessert Section (ex: 8 flavors of gelato, chocolate dipped strawberries, mixed berries, pecan bars, macaron, brownies etc.)Many of the dishes were divided into individual sizes and elegantly presented. Hopefully the prices and quality of foods will keep consistent in the next few years! I'll definitely be coming back!
Hands down, my personal favorite Vegas buffet - even trumps Wynn's and Bellagio's! Why is it so great - FANTASTIC food, amazing selection, chic decor, and of course, bottomless mimosa! The food here tastes and looks delicate - great presentation and things taste fresh and light. Great variety as you get all kinds of cuisine, American, Italian, Asian, Mexican etc etc. I really have to rave about their dessert, make sure you save room for these because they are what makes this buffet a step above the other Vegas buffets in my opinion. First of all, it's huge, even bigger than Wynn's dessert bar. Second, everything is SO CUTE! Hence making everything look even more appetizing. The dessert come in small portions and the plus side of that is you get to try a variety of their delicious desserts instead of getting full from one big slice of chocolate fudge pie. Nothing is too sweet so you get to enjoy other flavors and textures of their dessert such as the sourness in the mango gelato, fluffiness of coconut puree, and the richness of the chocolate of the chocolate-covered gigantic strawberry. If you are in Vegas, you must try this place, it's a two thumbs up!!
This review is based on 2 breakfast visits.I am not one to get excited about a buffet, but this was probably my best Vegas buffet experience.The dining room was clean and well decorated in line with the rest of the Cosmopolitan hotel.The staff was attentive and did a great job keeping our drinks full and the table clear.Plenty of food selections that cross the breakfast, lunch, and dinner spectrum.  I thought some of the food was really good, like the prime rib for example.  But as has been with most of my buffet experiences, there was a wide range of quality depending on the dish...and perhaps how long it has been sitting out.
This has been, by far, the BEST buffet I've had in Vegas. Seriously. No joke. Especially if you're eating with 7 other hungry women. 8 hungry slightly hung over women on a girls only weekend trip. This place was the S-H-I-T. We stayed for 3 hrs. Need I say more? We did the brunch. 30 bucks but wait..add 9 dollars and you get unlimited mimosas and bloody marys..hello??We were ALL in.  The spread of the food was very grand and very beautiful. Just the dessert bar was breath taking. Pork belly fried rice, pad thai, beef and broccoli (the broccollini not the regular broccoli)house special sushi rolls, and duck were just a FEW of the Asian cuisine. I go down a food bar and there's miniature pots with lids and inside them are things like eggs benedict with pork shoulder, pastas that I don't get to normally eat so I can't pronounce them let alone spell them but they had things like lamb and short ribs cooked with them...AHHHH!!! The macaroni and cheese..why was is so special? It was cooked with hamhocks...You want smoked salmon with cream cheese on a bagel? Well buddy, they had pastrami smoked salmon..get that...Red velvet pancakes, mini white and dark chocolate covered apples, ginormous chocolate covered strawberries, italian gelato that was to die for...... I could go on and on and on...just go try it for yourself..you won't be disappointed. You will be a little happy camper like I was..literally...we camped it there for 3 hours trying to savor EVERYTHING..gluttony at it's finest!  Plus the Cosmopolitan is a really beautiful and artsy hotel/casino to go tour...check out the main bar encased inside the biggest chandelier you will ever see!
OK, I'll preface by saying the Wynn is by far my favorite...BUT this is soooo close in second.What won me over were the crab claws. Two crab claws, cut open for easy eating. I love the crab legs, but hate the having the shells all over my table. The claws were the best idea ever.Anyway, I love the "tapas" style of serving they have here. Yes, it did get crowded on our table with that huge variety of empty dishes, but they cleaned it up reasonably fast.The options were very good. The pre-made pasta was not the best, but the made-to-order mac and cheese was awesome. Dessert was incredible. Everything was the perfect mini-size after eating about 10 lbs of food for dinner.Decor is great, price is fantastic. Only wish it was easier to find in the hotel!
Food was good and in small portions. The Desserts had a great selection. The wait staff that served us was really good. Pad thai option on the Buffet wasnt that good however the pasta choices were great.
Very aesthetically pleasing presentations of food.  Loved the cute lil pots and chicken wing mini fryer baskets.  Everything is portioned already into individual dishes and bowls.  It really helps to control how much you can actually fit on your plate in one round of food hoarding.  Dessert is hard to get wrong...anything covered in chocolate or topped with fruit looks expensive.  Water is served in fancy glass bottles.  And then...that's it.Food wasn't omgwowgimmemoremoremore.  For the price of $28.11 for one Sunday brunch, I'd say it was a decent eating.  I did like the braised short rib with wild mushrooms on cavatelli.  I could eat a handful of those pots and call it a day.  Fresh chocolate covered strawberries were ginormous.  There were gelato flavors a plenty, and all yummy too.The mac-n-cheese is overhyped.  Those pots were always the first to go!  I was watching the station like a hawk for fresh pots.  Too bad when I finally snagged one, I was left with disappointment.  It was lukewarm (like a lot of the other food served).  Cooled mac-n-cheese = one thick mess.  Maybe it never stood a chance to my highly set expectations.  Thanks a lot, Yelp.  Nevertheless, one forkful was plenty.The prime rib was so bloody.  I like my cuts medium well, maybe medium.  That slice was borderline raw.  Not my fancy & I'm not alone.  Two others at my table had the same problemo.Tacos al pastor were WAY too salty.  Even a fully squeezed slice of lime couldn't help it.Pretty extensive selection of brunch foods.  You can jump from red velvet pancakes to clams to pad thai to pizza and back to the omelette station.  There was no wait whatsoever to get a table.  Definitely a plus; however, service at the tables was so slow.  At one point, I had to clear my own area of old plates because I had no more room for new plates.  Not cool.  There's definitely pros & cons to this place.  Still waiting to try the rest of Sin City's buffet offerings...
THE PRICE IS RIGHT! Brunch for $23 (or $35 for bottomless mimosas or bloody mary cocktails). I LOVE! Besides the ambiance, I also loved the tapas style of dishes. A lot of the dishes came in mini pots so greedy people couldn't scoop hella and then end up not eating it. If you like something, get another. If you don't, then you don't waste as much food if your greedy hand scooped too much. I felt their desserts were aiight--plus for the gelato though. Food wise: my favorite was one particular pasta, although I did enjoy the gnocchi with lamb! both HELLA GOOOD. I'd go back not just because my favorite pasta is there, but because of the price!!!!!!A million thank you's to my hula sister who recommended it to me!
I'm a sucker for cute, small, easy things.  And the Wicked Spoon plays into my weakness for detail, great customer service and small portions.  There was practically no wait for the buffet when we showed up on Saturday at 11:30AM.    I'm a small person with a small appetite so the prepared portions actually work out for me. With the exception of the shrimp cocktail. I LOVE shrimp cocktail and it is prepared 2 shrimp to a small serving cup at the Wicked Spoon. I ate 8. Don't judge me.Other than shrimp, I was able to enjoy the mac n cheese, the creamy cheese polenta, the smoked salmon, the gelato (salted peanut flavor), various salads, homemade jam on sesame rolls, macarons, chocolate covered crab apples, chocolate covered strawberries, lime tarts, etc.  All were delicious and prepared in cutesy ways (servings of fried chicken are presented in mini friers, if you ask for coffee, your cream comes in a mini, metal milk carton).  For the price of weekend brunch ($28 w/o unlimited champagne/mimosa/bloody mary), it's great quality compared to the other buffets on the Strip.  We were staying at the Mirage and they were charging the same price for buffet but I'm confident you're not going to find the same type of food and same quality of food elsewhere.We were able to chat up the breakfast sous chef who described how strictly the kitchen is run.  Our conversation made me feel confident that not only was the food we were were eating tasty, but it was fresh too!Officially my favorite buffet in Vegas.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.
Definitely impressed with Wicked Spoon buffet.  Saturday night dinner will set you back $29 per person which is quite a deal in comparison to other high end hotel buffets.   We came Saturday night and there was a 10 min wait.  I agree with the other Yelpers - dessert bar amazing, great variety of cuisines represented,  and awesome presentations and nicely portioned out for single servings.  Definitely worth a try!
My curiosity was what is "tapas" style buffet and how it works. Finally I got lunch today at Wicked Spoon Buffet. Some of food served like other buffet such as prime ribs, rolls, and breads. Some of  food served with tiny cute pot(?). It seems like I can handle that much but when I sat down with all different kinds of  food  I knew I am wrong. I felt so bad bacause of  too much leftover.  Maybe I can share with friends or family for one tiny cute pot of food but not sure it will works or not. I like the idea serve different kind of cheese but  still I have to pick set up ceaser salad or miso salad so I can't  create my own salad with different cheese. Even though lots of leftover, I can't avoid tempting about pretty dessert.I like gelato and I really enjoyed fresh blackberries, rasberries, and blueberries. It was Yum. Once again I felt like this... Buffet is Buffet. Don't expect too much.
Wow simply amazing.  Decor is nice, and presentation was unique.  This place sets itself above all other buffets.  I mean who would of thought to serve food in little fryer baskets, pans, skillets, cauldrons, dishes, plates, little to go boxes.  Definitely different and unique in their own way.  Not only the presentation and decor is nice, but the food is really good too.  I enjoyed the eggs benedict, chicken and waffles, mac and cheese, their penne pasta with sausage, korean short rib, miso pork, shepards pie, pastrami, and lots of desert.  For the first time I literally felt like I was a kid in a candy store again.  So many selections to choose from, and the sad part was I couldn't eat it all.  The small little cute candy apples and chocolate covered strawberries were amazing. The price is decent too, ranging from 20-30.  Thumbs up on my buffet list.
I haven't been to a buffet in at least 10 years.  It isn't my favorite way to dine, but this is Vegas, so I thought I should give it another try and I had been hearing a lot of good about this one in particular.We went for brunch on Sunday, I think it was around $23 a person without alcohol.  I like the design of the buffet.  Everything was spaced enough that there was easy access to any section without a line, even though the place looked fairly full.  The service was pretty awful.  I was done with my first plate before our server even brought our coffee.  When we ordered, we told him we took cream and sugar, yet there were only three packets of sugar in the caddy he brought.  I asked for more before he even stepped away, yet he went on to do other things before getting us more sugar.  His station was only one table away from ours, so I was tempted to just get it myself.  There was a nice variety of food available, but I couldn't help but think buffets are really for people that just care about quantity.  There wasn't one dish that stood out as being very good.  I especially love breakfast pastries and that should be one thing that would be easy to do well on a buffet.  However, the croissants looked so awful I didn't even take one.  The pain aux raisins and muffins were mediocre while the desserts were downright awful.  I did enjoy some french toast and their house-smoked sausage was good.  But the short rib pasta was over salted and their sushi was a little soggy.Overall I could have taken that $23 over to Bouchon's for a fabulous, fresh breakfast and far better service.
Wow really great offerings and a reasonable price.  But really hard to find within the hotel.
Ate here for breakfast.... Amazing!!
Ate here for a friends birthday and it was great for big parties! They have a long table for large groups to sit at =)They loved it as much as I did. I've heard many good things about the buffets at M Resort and The Wynn; and my friends rated Wicked Spoon as good as those buffets. Even calling Wicked Spoon "fancier" than that of The Wynn. That alone is kinda cool to think that something is "fancier" than anything at The Wynn.I suggest going around 9pm because there was no line, even on a Friday night. They close around 10 but, they take away the food at 10:15 so, doesn't give you much time to grind on the goods.I MUST try their breakfast and lunch buffets.
Went to Vegas with a couple of friends and after one of my friends saw the YELP pics from Wicked Spoon, we all decided to come check it out. BTW, it wasn't very busy but perhaps its the fact that the COSMO is still a pretty new hotel and maybe no one knew about the buffet? Nice though since we didn't have to wait long on a Sunday evening.Now this isn't my favorite Vegas buffet but I just enjoyed it because it was different and unique. It was nice and clean and the food was presented in these cool, plates, small pans, and were portioned controlled. Everything tasted good, but the one thing that stood out was the crab in cajun butter. I am just salivating thinking about it right now as I type. Yes, seafood is a must have for any Asian person at a Vegas buffet. Check my pics, pretty awesome huh?Overall, I give a solid 5 stars. The atmosphere was great, and our server was amazing and friendly. We practically chatted it up with her, and she was nice enough to give us tips on where the hot spots were and what places to hit up (even on a Sunday). She was amaze! Food was delicious, clean, and presented well. You can't go wrong with checking out the Wicked Spoon. But if your lazy about going up a lot, you might not like it as the plates are small and everything on the buffet line is in a separate pan or mini plates, so be advised that your plate fills up quickly. But you should definitely check it out if you don't mind that. :-)
by far a new favorite buffet!the interior was swanky and glitzy - just like the entire hotel itself.We arrived at prime dinner time but didnt have to wait - probably because it was a Weds. night.  The price was 36 bucks with tip and tax included for our  8 person party.  From what I hear that's a good deal for dinner buffets in Vegas so I was pleased with that as well. We were seated at this nice long high top table that had interesting blue glass art hanging over our heads.  While some aren't a fan of the pre-portioned plates and pots they serve their food in, I kind of love the idea.  It kinda lets you think you're almost eating tapa style dishes rather than a buffet. Now dining was the fun part- I literally tasted everything from the different sections - my favorite was probably the pastas.  I barely had room for dessert but forced myself regardless. They have this cute little gelato bar so of course I got mango gelato.  Their desserts were overall very pretty but unique looking. The most normal thing they had was chocolate covered strawberries.This is kind of weird too but I just loved the water they served.  It was from these glass bottles that remind you of the old school milk bottles that were dropped at your door.  It just tasted so refreshing.  They served these water bottles all over the hotel.it's making me hungry just thinking about it. when i return to vegas - i'm def. staying at the cosmo again and eating at wicked spoon!
This place was great!!
This place is freaking awesome. I love it. Most food is pre-plated for easy access and it avoids wasting food. They have incredible cajun shrimp and cheese grits. I love the Cosmo. Like Eileen J. This is far away the best buffet. better than my previous favorite at the Bellagio.
great brunch...but wish there was more seafood and i wanted more meat! (like lamb or something lol)but the dessert bar was amazing!!!!!!!! i'm not a sweets fan...but omg...the dessert was SO delish! definitely recommend people to save some space for thatnext time i'll probably just want to do dinner for more of the meat/seafood items, but the brunch was good...there was a huge selection of breakfast items and lunch items (there was sushi!!!!!!)one thing is that i felt like i wasted a lot of food. i wanted to try a bit of everything, but some of the items are already portioned out and i couldn't finish it...and i hate wasting food! my favorite items: DESSERT! prime rib, sushi, omelettes, gnocchi, and the korean bbq :]
For $21/pp for lunch, here's some highlights- awesome pork tacos- pork belly sandwiches- sushi  - truffle potato au gratin- prime rib- kalbi - gelato - panna cottaAnd of course it's in the hottest hotel on the strip!
I've never been a huge buffet person but I'll admit, this was actually pretty decent!  My stay at the Cosmopolitan included a $50 breakfast credit to be used at my choice of The Henry, Coffee Beanery place, or Wicket Spoon.  I woke up hung over so I wandered down to the buffet.Now, I don't have a whole lot of buffet experience to compare it to.  I've only been to the Plaza's buffet for breakfast years and years ago before I moved here and knew better, Makino Sushi/Seafood at the Premium Outlets, and the MGM Grand Buffet for lunch (it was comp otherwise to this day I most likely would still have never been to it).  I left Wicket Spoon stuffed, because I felt the need to try a bit of everything.  The following is what I remember having:- Seared whitefish eggs benedict  *** This was AMAZING - MUST TRY!!!- Margharita flatbread- Red velvet pancake  *** Very disappointing.- Pecan sticky bun  ***  I don't usually eat crap like this, but this was bomb.- Home fries- Hash browns  *** Topped w/cheddar cheese and carmelized onions, which is a plus, but the taters themselves could've been crispier. - Some type of crepe- Some type of french toast on sterioids: it was super super thick, had cinnamon, pecans and a think syrup which reminded me almost of caramel sauce.  *** Pretty yummy, and unhealthy!Side note: they do not have peanut butter!  This is a big no-no for breakfast lovers such as myself, as I eat it every morning!I believe I tried a few other things but can't remember exactly what.  But...seared whitefish eggs benny...oh, how I adore you.  I don't eat land-roving meat (only fish/seafood) so I didn't try any of the sausage, bacon or meat related items.  Some of the other things I noticed but did not try were made to order omlettes, smoked salmon, various cereals & yogurts, waffles, one or two more selections of flatbreads, fresh fruit, etc.  So, overall there was a good selection to choose from, however I was expecting it to be a bit bigger in size (but maybe that's my buffet inexperience showing).  A lot of items, as you will read from other Yelp reviews, are portioned out into individual serving dishes.  This is a neat, unique concept.  The only downfall I found was it made it a tad difficult to gather multiple items in one trip.  Maybe that's what they're going for, so people ultimately eat less...I don't know.  What I do know is I must've looked like a pig with all the individual dishes on my table!!!Service was great.  Upon entering and exiting the buffet, the hostesses were very warm, welcoming, and greeted with a smile.  The server was attentive and also very friendly.  Like I said, I'm not big on buffets but if I were to go back to one for lunch or dinner, it would most likely be Wicket Spoon.  If you're a buffet person, you should definitely put this one on your list.  Happy eating!
Wow, what a great price  ($29) for a really good variety and hardly no wait at all (7:30-8)?! I know what everyone is saying...why limit yourself with all the small dishes they serve their plates in.  But I loved it!  If you wanted more of something...just take extra dishes! It's not that difficult.  THe food was done to Vegas perfection.  Desserts were definitely the highlight of the whole meal.  This is NOT a seafood buffet so if you're looking for snow crabs you will be disappointed.    The fact that we went in, enjoyed our meal and left with our tummy's stuffed makes it well worth it!
Despite being a big guy, I really don't enjoy buffets. At least, not the Golden Corral variety. I have been to a couple buffets in Vegas before, (Bellagio, good, Planet Hollywood, vile), but since I was staying at the Cosmopolitan, I wanted to try theirs. Am I glad I did! The food was fresh, fun, and really delicious. I really enjoyed the arugula salad (yes, I got salad in a buffet), the crab claws, and the bread. Working my way through the buffet, the highlights were the pork belly sliders, braised short ribs, prime rib, and the Mac and cheese bar. Yes, I said Mac and cheese bar. You pick what you want, and they whip up a bchamel infused bowl of goodness that will make you rethink buffets for the rest of your life. Jacob whipped me up a  bowl of Lobster Mac and cheese that was so heavenly. I am not a huge dessert person, but I really loved them. The macarons were tasty and the salted peanut gelato was awesome. I also had an oatmeal cookie, which truth be told, I wish I had three of right now. The service was a bit slow, I thought. Overall, though, just like the rest of The Cosmopolitan, it sets the bar higher for the next hotel to beat. Bring it.
After a long weekend in Vegas, my friends and I wanted to leave Vegas with a bang (eating at a buffet). One of them suggested we go to Wicked Spoon. Away we go!The place is decorated beautifully. A lot of open space for comfortable dining. We went during lunch and they were nice enough to offer me unlimited bloody marys for $10. Okay! I'm not driving!The food presentation was really nice. Many dishes came in baby pots, chinese to-go boxes, etc. It's a way to win an "awwww" with girls.. but with me? I don't really care. It's cute, but my money goes to taste not necessarily presentation. I tried a little bit of everything, but the salad bar (waste of stomach space). Nothing was really memorable except for the miso glazed pork sliders. Those were DELICIOUS. They didn't have enough meat selections, I expected more than just 3 (prime rib and some other two). The creamed corn was okay. Their dessert selection was probably the highlight of the buffet. Yes, they were presented in a very "cute" way, but I didn't care for most of it. Chocolate covered long-stem strawberries, french macarons (they only had two flavors and they didn't look/taste very appealing). I do, however, like that they had a variety of gelato flavors. I think at the time when I was there, I thought it was amazing because I was in awe of how the Cosmopolitan looked and their presentation, but thinking now.. I probably wouldn't go back. Their food selection wasn't all that great. I think they try to mask their lack of food selection with all that jazzed up stuff (cute trays, baby pots, tiny wrapped food, etc). Crazy price for a just an "okay" buffet. Not worth going to again. I enjoyed the Rio a lot more and it's at a lower rate.  Meh.
Great selection of food!  Was here for brunch and they had a great spread. Endless mimosas...winning!
I am not a fan of buffets...really, however I stayed in the Cosmopolitan for 5 nights and as a platinum Marriott member they comp you free breakfast here.  Thank you.I love their small plates (kind of tapas like) concept as I could try many things but still keep it relatively healthy.  They had smoothies, fresh fruit, cook to order eggs, slab bacon, gourmet pastries, yogurt parfaits, potatoes of all kinds...and the list goes on.  The weekend brunch was a little kicked up and busier but I was a frequent guest here during my stay...well at least every morning.
Completely devoid of lines, which Vegas buffets are notorious for, my group of 12 happily walked right in. Our hostess did not fail to mention that we were being seated right next to the dessert section. Thank you hostess, for knowing exactly what I wanted without me saying a word! Now, onto the main courses (of which I had many of):-Mac & Cheese: Comfort food is so necessary after a night of vegas debauchery, so this sure hit the spot.  They are served in small individual tin pots which helps with portion control. In my case, there is no such thing as self or portion control so I had myself some seconds and thirds. No regrets, they were THAT good. Cheesy, oozing goodness.-White Whipped Ricotta Pizza: Easily became my second favorite dish as it paired so well with their garlic bread. Thin crusted, the ricotta simply made this dish the "10" rating it deserved.-Breakfast: Red velvet pancakes w/ homemade cream cheese sauce & bacon. Yes, I ate breakfast at 1:30 P.M. and enjoyed every bite of it. -Asian section: Pork belly fried rice, pork buns, Miso glazed pork (see pictures). Divine. Lots of pork so if you're not a lover, steer yourself in another direction.-Dessert: Biscotti ice cream, white chocolate covered mini-apples and strawberries. Scrumptious. One of the only buffets in vegas that showcases lots of white chocolate, which I prefer over chocolate, any day. The white choco strawberries had an Oreo crumb crust, definitely a winner. Had seconds of the Biscotti ice cream which came with mini-waffle bowls & cones. So aesthetically pleasing! They also have lots of other ice cream flavors to choose from - all fresh and homemade I believe.$26 brunch, $29 dinner on a Saturday.Wicked Spoon displays lots of entrees that you will not find anywhere else. Good thing? Of course. Will I come back? 100%.
Visited a few weekends back and ate 2 meals there. Was very impressed with the wide range of food, and quality. Far better than most buffets in Vegas, while coming in at $30 basically. There's different types of food for all, including a rather deep roster of meats, pastas, and assorted fruits/vegetables for everyone.
Interesting cute buffet concept! Most of the foods are individually portioned into little pots, bowls, or chinese take-out boxes! I came here for brunch ($26) and was able to try a lot of different things, but could only fit at most about 5-6 containers at once on my plate. Some things that were memorable included the red-wine mushrooms, pork belly sandwich, and creamed corn. I thought their prime rib was pretty tasty as well. I wasn't too crazy about their pad thai. It was spicy, but lacked flavor in my opinion.They have an extensive dessert section with all sorts of cute little bite-sized pastries and a gelato stand. Absolutely LOVED their assortment of chocolate-covered strawberries - white chocolate, milk chocolate, with oreos, with rice krispies, with peanuts...such variety! My friends must've gotten full off just that! And the strawberries were large ones...not those dinky ones you get from the supermarket :)I agree with one of the reviews below who said that this buffet is definitely a way to win an "aww" with the girls. My friends and I must've said "awww" more times than I can count during the meal. But this buffet doesn't hit high marks for practicality. You can't fit that many food items on one plate and for people who know what they like and want more of it, they are forced to get multiple pots just to get the portion they want. However, I give it 4 stars for decent food, extensive variety, beautiful desserts, and unique presentation. This buffet is definitely different and I appreciate their attempt to think outside of the box.
What happened to this place? the prices go up and their selection drops big time.Last time I came in January, they had Lobster, I come back 2 months later and I ask the waiter and they're like "we never had that"I like their concept but I was underwhelmed by their selection. Perhaps they are losing money with the buffet or something?
I'm not gonna lie, I'm not a buffet guy. Vegas gets you jaded about buffets, but this thing is a game changer.  I went in for the breakfast/lunch rollover.  Went in at 10:30 for the breakfast price of $17, stayed for lunch which starts at 11am.   The way everything is served is just super cool. It also seems to keep the food fresher being served in individual sized containers.  Lots of fresh fruit, bottled water on table, and a killer dessert section are among the things that make this place stand out.  This is my new favorite buffet in Vegas, tempted to rate it a 5, maybe I'll update my review after a few return visits.
I went here for brunch with a couple of friends and had an amazing time. The choices were out of this world, not your everyday buffet items. Red velvet pancakes... what's not to love?The only complaint I can even think of is that when we entered and paid we were not offered the unlimited mimosa or bloody marys. It wasn't a big deal to order and pay through our server but it would have been easier on everyone if the hostess/cashier offered it to begin with.
Wicked Spoon is 5 stars all the way.   It is certainly in my top tier of Las Vegas buffets.  This was my first time here, and I was very pleased.First, my server was very friendly and very competent.  She poured my bottled water as soon as I was seated and asked about alcohol or other drinks.  She was prompt and attentive.  I wish I knew her name.  She is an asset to the Wicked Spoon.I liked the tapas style items.  A small bowl with two peeled shrimp, some cocktail sauce, and a little lemon slice.  What more could you want?  My food looked like it was plated by a Top Chef contestant because of this serving idea.  There are plenty of all you can eat foods, too, so for those of you who don't care for the idea of small plates, gorge.Desserts were excellent!  The chocolate covered strawberry was delicious and I had some very interesting fudge and a chocolate covered crab apple.  Different and good!!The variety was excellent.  I just wish I could have tried more things.  But I guess that's what will keep me coming back for more.  And that great server.  I'll look for her and see if I can request her section!
I loved the food here more than my companions did, but one thing we all agreed on was that whoever designed this place was BLOODY INSANE. OK they have this non-ironic crap '80s music playing, and these weird little uniforms on the staff, and the FUGLIEST wall decoration: photos of food wrapped up in clothes. Picture a shiitake mushroom leaning up against a high-heeled shoe, that sort of thing. Bogus.Oh yeah, I'd definitely come back for the chow, but I'd wear blinders and ear plugs.
Vegas trip last weekend and had to give this place a try!!I love how everything is in individual plates/serving dishes. The food was pretty fresh and tasty. I liked the Korean short ribs, goat cheese salad, fried chicken, and sweet potato fries. The dessert options were the best. Chocolate covered strawberries! And chocolate covered mini apples! YUM!! And macaroons!! :DService was a bit sloppy IMO. My plates weren't promptly taken away when I got new food. Drinks weren't refilled. Maybe it was a bad day?Anywho, give this place a try - it gives you some good variety from the well-known Vegas buffets.
This the best buffet I've been to.  It's expensive but worth it.  Also it's a guaranteed good recommendation for friends.